Simon Dudley: It's.
Sally MacFarlane: Hello, people!
Sally MacFarlane: Did everyone else just have to sign in.
Sally MacFarlane: I am too soon.
Sally MacFarlane: I'm going to.
Sally MacFarlane: I normally wait a few minutes
Sally MacFarlane: before starting, but I think today's going to be extra quiet because some people are at um
Sally MacFarlane: the psychological forum.
Sally MacFarlane: So I might just get started
The census on the luncheon.
Gabriel Fukushima: All right. I wasputed. I I had to sign in to some yeah
Sally MacFarlane: as well. Sally: Yeah,
Sally MacFarlane: maybe i'm just normally already funded.
Gabriel Fukushima: Yeah, I think it. I think that's it.
Sally MacFarlane: Okay, I'm going to share this thing.
Sally MacFarlane: Can you see the contributor call Wikipedia?
Gabriel Fukushima: Yes,
Sally MacFarlane: cool.
Sally MacFarlane: Alright, So the int. I just notice. Uh we.
Sally MacFarlane: There is not enough people
Sally MacFarlane: to need to give an eye on the right hand, so just yell out if you have a question today, I think, because I can't see your faces right now. Ever Um, okay, General announcements. Everything's about the merge right now. So there wasn't really anything else to even add to the agenda. Um, that's all about the merge.
Sally MacFarlane: There seems to be more messages, questions, queries, uses doing lots of things and discord. So I really appreciate everyone who is answering questions
Sally MacFarlane: over there. It's great I loved on this morning, and everything Pretty much had already been answered which was awesome.
Sally MacFarlane: Anyone else have anything to say about the match.
Sally MacFarlane: So we'll skip the robot
Sally MacFarlane: because we're quite focused on the short-term right now. But so the release updates between two hundred and seventy two, which was done last week. Is the merge ready invasive release?
Sally MacFarlane: It seems to all be going smoothly,
Sally MacFarlane: and there was no other work updates, or other business, or anything else that came up. The only other thing is, I would like to remove this item from the agenda about the metrics will be because
Sally MacFarlane: i'm.
Sally MacFarlane: I don't find it useful to review it this frequently. It might be
Sally MacFarlane: useful to review it less frequently,
Sally MacFarlane: and he talks a man,
Sally MacFarlane: I think we should. Uh, I remove that, because we generally skip it. Anyway,
Sally MacFarlane: anyone wants to until that.
Jason Frame: What's the twenty, two point three release. So I think I still some really work on creating a release range for that.
Sally MacFarlane: Yeah. So it should be two weeks from the last one. Uh where's our?
Sally MacFarlane: It's a
Sally MacFarlane: September twenty first.
Sally MacFarlane: The hacks
Sally MacFarlane: yeah, just over a week.
Sally MacFarlane: Oh, just over a week from now. I guess it's more than two weeks from the last one.
Sally MacFarlane: Um, but yeah, that's what it's playing for.
No one's names are down for the next three releases. So if anyone wants to
Sally MacFarlane: pop their name in.
Sally MacFarlane: Was there a particular reason You're asking that that?
Sally MacFarlane: Yes, because that's the next release. That was gummy up from the mainline.
Sally MacFarlane: Um! The others have been charity. So It' be good to get some of that
Sally MacFarlane: Chinese.
Sally MacFarlane: It was in the time of the
Sally MacFarlane: it.
Sally MacFarlane: Anything else.
Simon Dudley: Yeah, the I just wanted to point out. Um! I put a link in the chat. Someone pointed out that um Lgtm is getting deprecated, and I think that suggests that people move to Github codes coming.
Simon Dudley: Some might be something new on it.
Simon Dudley: The best approach,
Sally MacFarlane: I think. Github codes can He's already running because I was looking at some previous.
Sally MacFarlane: Yeah, it's It's just,
Sally MacFarlane: hey?
Sally MacFarlane: Because, yeah, we might
Sally MacFarlane: even if it's already running the martin to turn off,
I subject to him
extra patches
Sally MacFarlane: being deprecated is a woman
Simon Dudley: here.
Sally MacFarlane: Oh, thanks for that, I June it said the
Simon Dudley: they were using Github Code, scanning on Techie for a while, and there was a false of arms.
It was a great solution.
Sally MacFarlane: Yes, it also kind of general point of. Do we want to tie ourselves even more into Github as well?
Sally MacFarlane: If we are. An in the table.
Sally MacFarlane: Yeah, yeah,
Sally MacFarlane: yes. The point
Sally MacFarlane: what
Sally MacFarlane: it could be a new record.
Sally MacFarlane: It's a
Sally MacFarlane: What was the previous record? I don't know
Sally MacFarlane: a good question.
Sally MacFarlane: Concussion?
Sally MacFarlane: Um not sure. We keep those steps actually
Simon Dudley: ask you.
Sally MacFarlane: He's a mummy.
Gabriel Fukushima: Thanks, Sally.